"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Dreams.
What do you dream about?"
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Freedom.
When do you feel free?"
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Personality.
What's your personality? "
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Dancing.
Have you ever had dance lessons?"
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Jealousy.
Have you ever been jealous?"
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Dating.
What's your ideal date? "
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Three wishes.
If you had three wishes, what would they be?"
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Computer Games.
How do you feel about computer games?"
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Honesty.
How important is honesty to you?"
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Do you show self-restraint?
Do you show self-restraint?"
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Sweet or savoury?
Sweet or savoury food?"
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Wedding vows
What would you promise in your wedding vows? "
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Eccentrics
Do you have an eccentric friend?"
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: The colour blue
What do you associate with the colour blue?"
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: The colour white
What do you associate with the colour white?"
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Romance
Are you romantic?"
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: The colour red
What do you associate with the colour red?"
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Coffee or Tea?
What is best: coffee or tea?"
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Driving
What do you love and what do you hate about driving?"
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Fitness
What do you do to keep fit?"
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Phobias
Snakes. I have a fear of snakes."
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Entrepreneurs
If you could start a business what would it be and why?"
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: New Year's Resolutions
Do you make New Year's resolutions?"
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Christmas gifts
 Is it best to give or receive presents?"
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Happiness  When you are down, what makes you happy?"
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Social Networking  Do you use social networking sites?"
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Stereotypes
What do people think of, when they think of your country?"
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Spare time
What do you do in your spare time?  "
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Embarrassment
What's your most embarrassing moment?  "
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Heroes
Who's your hero and why?  "
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Fear
What are you scared of and why?  "
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Home
What does home mean to you?  "
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Relationships.
What do you look for in a relationship? "
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Fashion
 What's in at the moment?  "
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Stress
 What makes you stressed and how do you deal with it?  "
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Women
 What's the best thing about a woman?  "
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Men
 What's the best thing about a man?  "
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Boxing
 How do you feel about boxing?  "
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Best friends
 Who's your best friend?  "
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Unhappy kids
 What makes children unhappy?  "
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Happy kids
 What makes children happy?"
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Fairy tales
 What's your favourite fairy tale?  "
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Worry
 What makes you worry and why? "
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Television
 How important is television in your life?"
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Music sharing
 How do you feel about sharing music online?  "
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Lessons for life
 What lessons for life can you give?"
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Flowers
 How do you feel when you give or are given flowers?  "
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: University life
 What was your first week at university like?  "
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: The ideal trip
What would be your ideal trip?"
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Love
 How can you tell if someone likes you? What are the signs?  "
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Success
 Do you think you are a successful person?  "
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Photographs.
What is your most treasured photograph and why? "
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Awards.
Who would you give an award to and why? "
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Shopping.
What's the best and worst thing about shopping where you live? "
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Proposals.
What would be your ideal marriage proposal? "
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Passions.
What are you passionate about?"
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Hope.
What are you hoping for?"
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Football.
What are your first football memories?  "
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Anger.
What's makes you angry? "
"Hear what people in London say, then join the conversation!This week: Bridges
What's your favourite bridge in the world and why?"
